[Music]
welcome to another episode of seven men
in marketing with Pam my name is Pam
dinner I love sharing a little dose of
b2b digital content marketing and sales
and a woman's seven minutes at a time I
was very fortunate to be invited back to
do a workshop and a session for the
content marketing world conference in
Cleveland Ohio for the 8th time when you
go to an event like this for 8 years
straight you start seeing familiar faces
and begin forming a circle of friends
that you hang out with from year to year
as always it was wonderful to see Kelly
Hungerford Jeff Julian's Amy juergen's
Jay Baer Michael Brennan Robert rose and
many other friends I don't know about
you but as much as I see them on
Facebook or Twitter I still prefer a
meaningful hug and in person catching up
I like to challenge myself so I present
a different topic each year and I was
excited to create a new one for 2018 s
conference my session title was five
creative ways marketers can enable their
sales teams and it is no surprise that
is closely related to my new book
effective sales enablement as a speaker
I can tell you that the content needs to
be solid throughout but the most
important part is the opening I like to
come up with a fun start to the
presentation that will capture people's
attention
once I can get that opening right I
believe everything else will flow
naturally this time however I couldn't
think of a fun opening really
I just couldn't my initial plan was to
go directly to the five creative ideas
that I wanted to share so pretty boring
huh but I did a last-minute change so
here's what happened I went to that
morning's keynote the keynote speakers
was Andrew Davis and he is a great
keynote speaker and he made his keynote
like a show very entertaining and fun so
he shared one of his observations he
said that our customers have no
attention span and no time to be
our emails down-low ebooks dive into a
blog post yet these very same customers
can binge watch two seasons of stranger
things on Netflix in one weekend
so why is that if you talk about how
these shows are created in a way too
piqued our interest and provoke our
curiosity they build up suspense and
drama like ocean waves to draw us in he
stressed that we need to do the same
when we create our come for example can
we create titles to Gig our audience's
curiosity and attention can we build up
the hype as a part of our content
storytelling and flow of course once the
hype is filled up can we deliver that
level of expectations to meet the hype I
decided to take his suggestions to heart
and applied them to my session I wanted
to see if I can come up with several fun
titles that will pique attendees
interests so my session title was five
creative ways marketers can enable their
sales teams well it's on point but
really didn't capture audience attention
or in bulk any curiosity so I created
three additional titles which say the
same thing but stay in a way that will
capture the attention so are you ready
drum roll please
so here are the three titles that I came
up with number one five and toe secrets
marketers can score with your sales team
how is that number two a quick and dirty
framework that you can use to improve
your sales and ableman efforts instantly
number three check out the untold
secrets that will lead you to the sills
and the marketing Nirvana Wow
okay that's a little bit overboard so
when I started my session I told my
attendees that in drew steno put me to
shame I was looking at my session titles
five creative ways marketers can enable
sales teams concise and get to the point
but not much of excitement so I put
Andrews message into practice right away
I share with them the three titles that
I came up with and I shared them with a
sense of passion and a dramatic voice
they all laughed and I told them that
they would vote on which title fits my
content the best after I finished my
session that somehow captured the
attention yay
I didn't simply share my creative ways
to enable sales I put into a framework
so they can work with their sales or
marketing teams to brainstorm the
creative ways that they can enable sales
and throughout the 45 minutes all eyes
were on me they were listening Ellie in
the session I came back to the three
titles again I had them vote on which
one worked the best for my content most
of the people voted for are you ready a
quick and dirty framework you can use to
improve yourselves and ableman efforts
instantly then of course there were four
or five people water the last one check
out the toast secrets that will lead you
to the silver some marketing nirvana Wow
I say to the audience's that these
people are just trying to mess with me
and to cap things off I ended my session
by giving away my five new books this
was such a great experience I decided to
use the session title my attendees loved
and created an e-book which complements
the book launch and you can check out
the e-book on wwm Unicom forward slash
and able sales again wwm Unicom forward
slash and able sales what is my lesson
learned to never stop thinking about my
opening to make a conscious effort to
put interesting ideas I hear into
practice and if you keep working on it
something will come another lesson I
learned is the quote from Andrew Davis
pay attention is a misdemeanor all
attention is earned indeed if you want
your audio
to pay attention to you you need to earn
this and there is no free lunch
we shouldn't create content for the sake
of creating content is about making
afraid to earn someone's attention again
semia marketing questions or thoughts
via Twitter at Camden err keep hustling
my friends you've got this
[Music]